Add short info about scheduling in Jobs guide (#381)
logicalclocks/logicalclocks.github.io: docs/user_guides/projects/jobs/python_job.md

- Apache Spark

Launching a job of any type is very similar process, what mostly differs between job types is

> the various configuration parameters each job type comes with. Hopsworks clusters support schedyuling to run jobs on a regular basis,

Reviewer: to me, bit oddly formulated, would just say 
```suggestion
the various configuration parameters each job type comes with. Hopsworks support scheduling jobs to run on a regular basis,
```
